Update deploying-crystallize-with-vercel.mdx (#1960)
vercel/docs: pages/guides/deploying-crystallize-with-vercel.mdx

  lastEdited: '2020-05-14T23:00:11.000Z'
}

[Crystallize](https://crystallize.com/) is a super-fast GraphQL based headless e-commerce service with super structured product information management (PIM).

> In this guide, you will discover how to create a [JAMStack e-commerce site](https://furniture.superfast.shop/), powered by Crystallize and process payments using [Stripe](https://stripe.com/), and deploy it with [<ProductName />](/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will discover how to create a [Jamstack e-commerce site](https://furniture.superfast.shop/), powered by Crystallize and process payments using [Stripe](https://stripe.com/), and deploy it with [<ProductName />](/).
```

<Image

>   src={`https://media.crystallize.com/crystallize_marketing/20/6/8/2/@1920/jamstack-ecommerce-boilerplate-react-nextjs.png`}

Reviewer: Can you confirm that this image path won't be changed in the future? Otherwise, it'd be good to place the image in this repo, as before.

Author: This image will not be changed. Even if we update on our end we keep history and persist images.

  width={1350 / 2}
  height={735 / 2}
  oversize
  shadow
/>

<Caption>A screenshot of the example app you will create with this guide.</Caption>

> You can also check out the [live eCommerce demo](https://furniture.superfast.shop/) running on [<ProductName />](/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also check out the [live e-commerce demo](https://furniture.superfast.shop/) running on [<ProductName />](/).
```
